Hey are you ready for a major brain
workout I have some fun riddles for you
and you'll have ten seconds to solve
each of them if you need more time feel
free to pause the video okay here we go
let's start with the easy ones to warm
up I'm to in a corner and one in a room
you won't find me in a house but I'll be
in a shelter can you guess what I am
[Music]
time's up
it's the letter R Sunday Steve and Dan
went out to eat some pizza once they
finished the waiter brought in the bill
Steve didn't pay it Dan didn't pay it
either yet no one stopped them as they
left how is this possible
[Music]
Sunday the most generous of the three
friends paid the bill there are five
oranges in your basket you have five
friends and they all crave some vitamin
C you give each of them an orange but
still have one in the basket how do you
manage to do it
[Music]
well you just present one of the friends
with both an orange and the basket you
must really love them
Sam was cleaning windows on the 36th
floor of an office building suddenly the
power went out so the platform couldn't
move up or down how did he manage to get
down without having to wait no one said
Sam was cleaning on the outside he just
took the stairs to walk out of the
building you are driving down the street
and see three doors in front of you one
says unlimited chocolate the other says
unlimited money and the third one says
unlimited pizza which one do you open
first no matter what you prefer it has
to be the car door first of all here's a
word puzzle for you it's a seven letter
word and means something you can eat if
you rearrange the letters
the only possible word you can get will
help your pain lose two letters and it
will become something that turns things
into ruins lose three letters and it
becomes an adjective that means Y's lose
four letters and you can measure time
with it what is the word
[Music]
you can measure time in ages
sage is another way of saying
enlightened usage wears things down as
swage can relieve the pain so the word
is sausage here is a strange combination
of letters
o t t FF s it makes no sense to me but
can you figure out what it means and how
to continue it this is actually a list
of the initial letters of the numbers
one two three four five six so you can
continue the list with s E and T and so
on Nick has two friends that he wants to
take to the movies but he doesn't want
to spend a fortune which way would it be
cheaper to take one friend of the movies
twice or two friends at the same time if
Nick is paying it makes more sense to go
once but with two friends otherwise
he'll have to pay for himself twice and
buy a total of four tickets instead of
three tickets or he can wait until it
comes out on Netflix
Jill assures everyone she can predict
the score of any game before it starts
no one believes her at first but when
they do watch games together it turns
out she isn't lying how does she make it
[Music]
Jill isn't psychic in case you thought
so she knows that the score of any game
is zero zero before it starts a man
decided to build a house that would have
all four sides facing south he moved in
and saw a bear outside his window what
color was the bear it had to be white
the only place where you can have a
house with all four sides facing south
is the North all here's a mystery riddle
what can one make disappear by adding to
it
did you guess what it is
gee can make one disappear by turning it
into gone no magic involved okay I can
tell you're ready for a real challenge
moving on to the next level Sally was
traveling and saw a stranger she'd never
met before no one told what the person
looks like but she immediately knew who
that person was and no it wasn't someone
famous
how did she know who that guy was it was
one of her friends twin brother they
looked the same but live in different
cities so she's never met the guy before
but knew he existed Prince Charming was
on his way to rescue his one and only
true love from the dragon by the end of
the summer he met a witch on the way she
offered him help in exchange for one
wish he'd have to fulfill for her he
refused and she said he'd never meet his
true love as he won't be able to cross
the river of tears without her help
yet a hundred days later he managed to
cross the river no problem how did he do
it
crits charming met the witch in late
August so 100 days later the river was
covered with ice and he just walked
across it yes even rivers of Tears
freeze in the winter time a tourist was
staying in a single room at the hotel
during his business trip in the evening
he went to bed but couldn't fall asleep
after that he called someone didn't say
anything and then fell asleep whom did
he call and why the tourist called his
neighbor who was snoring way too loudly
the ringing was enough to wake him up so
he didn't have to say a word the snoring
stopped and the tourist fell asleep
Jake called his wife and said he would
be home at 8 o'clock he was by the door
at 8:05 the wife was super angry at him
and said she'd filed for divorce if that
repeats in the future can you guess why
she got so mad
[Music]
the answer is pretty simple there are
two eight o'clock's in the day
Jake promised to be home at 8:00 p.m.
but only was there at 8:05 a.m. the next
day
no wonder the wife got so mad at him you
were playing ping pong with your friends
then the last ball fell into a narrow
metal pipe that surrounded by concrete
and is under the ground you have some
tools to choose from to rescue the ball
a phone monopod a spoon and a saw what
will you do
as great as they sound none of these
tools can actually help you instead you
just have to pour some water into the
pipe and the ball will float up to the
service a man is trapped in a dark and
scary room there are two doors or two
ways out of it he can see through the
first door there is a room made of
magnifying glass in there and because
that room is sunlit anyone who enters
won't pass through the fire alive in
another room there is a hungry tiger
where should he go to escape safely
[Music]
the man has to wait till it's night time
and the Sun will be down then the first
room will be safe to walk through my
brother is 600 times younger than some
of our relatives no one believes me but
it's true can you figure out if I'm
telling the truth in 10 seconds yep I'm
not lying my brother is just one month
old and my grandmother is 50 years old
so it's all mathematically correct two
towns stand on the opposite sides of the
river in one of them
everyone is always telling the truth and
in the other one everyone is always
lying they like to visit each other can
you find out which town you are in
asking a random person just one question
[Music]
time's up
yes you can to find out the truth you
have to ask are you a guest here if the
person says yes you are in liars town if
they say no you are in the town where
honest people live two fathers and two
sons decide to spend some quality time
and go fishing each of them catches just
one fish when they get home they just
have three fish with them they didn't
lose one on the way so why is it so
no one said there were four people in
the first place they were a grandfather
his son and his grandson mrs. Jones was
making apricot jam she was following the
instructions but got distracted all the
apricots were already in the pot and she
stirred them up then she realized she
had to count them before stirring them
up to know how much sugar to add did she
manage to make some good jam in the end
luckily for her entire family she did
she just counted the pits to know the
exact number of apricots in the pot a
man was driving a huge truck with the
headlights off the moon wasn't there to
light the way the dog ran out onto the
road right in front of the car how did
the driver manage to see it and stop the
vehicle not to hurt it
tricky right now I didn't say it was
dark outside it all happened on a bright
sunny day so the driver didn't really
need headlights or the moon to see
what's in front of him an old man had
three sons
when it was time to decide who would get
his fortune he didn't know what to do if
he wanted to leave the money to the son
who would spend it wisely then he gave
each of the son some coins and told them
to come back with something that would
fill the entire room the elder brother
brought straw but it could barely even
cover the floor the middle one brought
bricks but there was not enough of them
either the industry turned out to be the
smartest what did he buy that genius
just bought a candle and a box of
matches the light filled the room at
once if it is 1,800 miles to America
1200 miles to Japan 2400 miles to New
Zealand and 1,400 miles to Brazil
how far is Morocco hmm I hope 10 seconds
will be enough to solve this geography
mystery
well in fact it doesn't have to do with
geography it's all math Morocco is 1700
miles away as each Val in the countries
names is worth 300 miles and the
continents are worth 200 miles
have you managed to solve all the
riddles in the first two levels Congrats
but it's time for level three let's see
if you can make it through in this level
I'll give you 15 seconds for each riddle
the doctor made a prescription for your
grandpa he has four pills two will help
his back and the other two his headache
the problem is that he mixed up the
pills and they all look and smell
exactly the same he must take one for
the back and one for the headache at the
moment can you help him take the right
medications your 15 seconds start now
it's impossible to tell which pill is
which by looking at them so your only
option is to cut them all in half and
let Grandpa take half of each pill a
famous actor filed a lawsuit against a
paparazzi who was getting too deep into
her personal life when it was time for
the big court day it turned out the two
lawyers knew each other more than that
one of them was the father of the other
ones son how is that possible
the wife was fighting against the father
of her son in court the two lawyers are
just married to each other the clock
strikes six times at six o'clock the
first and the last strike are thirty
seconds apart can you tell how long it
will take the clock to strike twelve
times when it's midnight time's up
did you think it was sixty seconds not
really the right answer is 66 seconds
there were five intervals between six
strikes at six o'clock if we divide 30
by five we'll see that each interval
between two strikes lasts six seconds
there will be 11 of such intervals at
midnight so it will take the clock 66
seconds to strike 12 times at midnight
there was a man standing on top of a
lonely mountain totally frozen and
holding a match in his hand do you have
any guesses how he got there
[Music]
he was flying in a hot air balloon with
his friend when they saw a mount and
they couldn't fly around they took off
their clothes to make it lighter and go
higher but the plan failed so they broke
two matches and picked them the one who
had the shortest match had to jump out
and the second one flew away Mike tells
everyone he's unique he was just 17 the
day before yesterday next year he will
be 20 already how can it be real Mike
was born on December 31st so if today is
January 1st it's correct to say that he
was 17 the day before yesterday he
turned 18 the next day and he will be 19
on the last day of this year and 20 the
next year millions of tourists from all
over the world dream of visiting the
Eiffel Tower Jay de Maupassant however
despised it every day he had lunch in
the one place in Paris where it couldn't
be seen what was that place
[Music]
time's up
are you ready he just ate in the
restaurant that was located at the base
of the tower he couldn't see the tower
from there
Brad sat in the coffee shop and found a
fly in his drink he asked the waitress
to bring him another coffee after he had
received a new cup and taken a sip he
got angry
Brad knew it was the same cup of coffee
that he had in the first place how did
he know he had the same cup of coffee
[Music]
well in fact it doesn't take a coffee
expert to get this one right
the second coffee was sweet already Brad
had put sugar in this first cup before
finding the flaw there are three
switches in the basement
each belongs to one of the three light
bulbs in the attic you can turn the
switches on and off and leave them in
any position how can you tell which
switch turns on which light bulb if you
are only allowed to go upstairs once
[Music]
you're 15 seconds are up first you have
to keep the first bulb on for a few
minutes it will get warm then you have
to switch it off switch another one on
go to the room with bulbs touch them and
find the warm one which was switched on
as the first one and then you can figure
out which of the others is which as well
once upon a time there was once a
philosopher who forgot to wind up his
huge ancient clock on the wall obviously
there were no computers phones radio or
TV back then he went to his friend's
house on foot on a straight lonely road
stayed the night there then came back
home he knew exactly how to set the
clock then how did the walk help him
find out the time I won't give you the
answer for this one share your thoughts
in the comment section below Stacey and
Sarah live miles apart from each other
and they love to exchange gifts by mail
this time
stacey has a special gift for Sarah it's
a golden locket with their initials and
she doesn't want it lost or stolen
stacey has a set of locks so she can
secure the gift box easily the problem
is that Sarah doesn't have the keys to
her locks she has her own set of locks
with keys that Stacey doesn't have
Stacey can't send the lock box and the
key together obviously do you think it's
possible for them to somehow get the
locket delivered safely
[Music]
it wasn't easy but they found a way to
do it
Stacy put the bracelet in the Box added
a lot to it and sent it over to Sara
Sara just added one of her locks to the
box when she received it then she mailed
it back to Stacy when she got it
Stacy removed her lock and sent it back
to Sara this is how she got the key and
was able to unlock the box so there